P:Passion is something that I demonstrate in everything that I do,For example in every training that 
I have undergone under CitiusTech I have personally worked through each and every concepts and I have even 
developed a website using the technology that I have trained in (i.e. MongoDB, Express.js,
Angular & Node.js )

R:Anyone I meet either through training or any other means, I am always respectful to all, Showing compassion and helping others
 is also one of my qualities , I have helped many of the folks in talent pool while filling Daily Standup Summary sheet and
clearing the doubts they have any to the best of my knowledge.

O: Believing and practicing the no surprises policy in this company is one of the best system that there is, I will always follow that.
 For openness to ideas and opinions I like to mention a meeting I had  with Sameer Bandiwadekar for mid year review.
I showed him the website I created using Mean Stack and he gave me pointers and ideas to implement them and also I started to learn
 unit testing as per his direction. So I'm always open to new ideas and opinions.

U: For unity I would like to to discuss the meetings we have in Market Talent pool, On every Thursday we try to have a bonding events 
where we talk about our intrests, hobbies, councerns and lot more depending on the day.


D:Depth of understanding and focus on the task at hand is one of the main area I excel in. For example in each of the trainings there were assignments, 
and depth of understanding really paved the way while completing it and focus on the task at hand enabled me to submit every task on time.

I am prompt on keeping time-sheet & leave request. Assigments & tests that were assigment to me, while in training I have timely and accuratly completed 
the process on time and also I try to make sure I arrive atleast 5 miniute bofore any meetings that were scheduled.


cross-skilling is a very important area in development beacuse of that I aways keep an eye on the lataest technolegies and trends, I'm even in few of the reddit & stackoverflow groups
 where we can post our queryies and follow the current trends, the main three technologies I follow are Angular, Node.js & MongoDB. 
The  main goal of PatientPortal website which I have deveoped was to get hands-on experience. 


Recently I got an oppertunity to be the sublead for the markent talent pool and 
I have been mananging and helping around 20 people in market talent pool 
while filling Daily Standup Summary sheet and clearing the doubts
if they have any to the best of my knowledge and I have participated in one of the event
of VIVACT2021 called TalentTuesday, this event was going on in yammer under the hastang #TalentTuesday.

I have worked on one poc called patient Portal, this was one of the project   
given to the seniors of angular impact training batch. After the trainings I was put in talent pool after few days in talent pool I realised 
I don't have that much hands-on experince. since then I have been devloping website using the poc document which was shared during the training. 
The main objective of the website is for patients to book an appointment with physician.
The frontend portion is written using angular 12 and the backend is node.js with the framework express.js and for storing data I have used mongoDB.

Since I started developing the frontend of that poc document using angular, I have integrated several features that I learned from trainigs such as 
using modules to give modularity and lazy loading capabilities,I have used data bindings techiques such String interpolation,Property binding,Event Binding and
ngModel, I have implemented services to organize and share business logic, data flow and fuctions with differnt components.Implemented different 
types of directives as well .I have used several RxJS functionalities like Observables at the time of implemnting servies to emit multiple values and 
have used subjects of rxjs to multicast a flag across different modules .I have also used rxjs operators such as map and filter at the backend for manupulating arrays.


I have used nodeJS and the framework expressJS for the backend of poc document. Doing this project helped me familiarise  with buliding a role based system. The role based system has three 
roles patient, physician & admin. Implemented authentication & encryption using external npm dependencies like passport,jsonwebtoken,passport-jwt & bcrypt. I have used core modules like http
and many third party modules like mongoose,nodemon,express,cors & dotenv. Created many local modules as well. 

I have used several bootstrap methods for developing the pages of the poc document. Apart from that I have also used SCSS in develpoing the dashboard for patient,physiacian & admin. 
I have also incorporated angular materials like matrial iocn, material dialog box for pop-up, material tooltip,material table,material sidenav etc.
Implemenenting all this features helped me familiarise with all this concepts.

I have generic idea about agile methodology. I actively participate on daily stand up call.I am commited to the goal and respect the individuals in stand up call. 
The code quality is maintained by actively learning market standards , understanding company standards and using tools like jamine and karma for ensuring code quality.
In the POC created I have reached code quality of 35% and I am trying to reach code quality of 80%.

A while ago I have attented HL7 V2.8 training where I got familiar with how to create/read HL7 messages and acknowledgment. It covered basics of trigger events and messages types. 
It also covered segment tables, message structures and data types.Apart from that I am planing to get enrolled in FHIR course within CT-UNIVERCT, mainly because FHIR employs 
RESTful web services and open web technologies
  




    